feature/MTM-50214/MTM-53144-documentation-improvements (#1030)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/users-guide/administration-bundle/managing-users.md

If single sign-on is enabled for your tenant, a message will show up which reminds you that you are about to create a local user which will not be able to login via single sign-on. Create new users in **My Cloud** instead, accessible through the application switcher in the upper right corner, to enable them using the single sign-on feature.
  {{< /c8y-admon-info >}}

   2. At the left of the **New user** window, provide the following information to identify the user:

       <table>
           <thead>
               <colgroup>
                   <col style="width: 20%;">
                   <col style="width: 80%;">
               </colgroup>
               <tr>
                   <th align="left">Field</th>
                   <th align="left">Description</th>
               </tr>
           </thead>
           <tbody>
               <tr>
                   <td align="left">Username</td>
                   <td align="left">Serves as a unique user ID to identify the user at the system. Note that the username cannot be changed once the user has been created. This field is mandatory.</td>
               </tr>
               <tr>
                   <td align="left">Login alias</td>

>                    <td align="left">In addition to the username, an optional alias can be provided to be used to log on. In contrast to username, this alias may be changed if required. User alias is not supported for devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                   <td align="left">In addition to the username, an optional alias can be provided to be used to log on. In contrast to the username, this alias may be changed if required. The login alias cannot be the same as the username. Note that the login alias is not supported for devices.
```

> 	  					{{<c8y-admon-info>}} Login alias can not be same as username {{</c8y-admon-info>}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: We avoid using admonitions within lists as this looks very messy.
